hi guys it's Robin and I am so excited
about this set from Funko pop it is on a
marshmallow and Olaf and because oh
lowry fauna I don't have this Olaf I
have a glittery Olaf and marshmallow it
was a six inch figure and so awesome and
I just think it's so cool that they meet
him check out this box art is so cool if
I'm going to keep these in this big box
or not this is going to take up a lot of
space and here's what's really cool on
the back or if you guys seen here penny
running around there these are the
original frozen series here but they
also have a lot for series 2 which is
coming out soon hopefully there's a
young on and alpha we're little teeny
tiny girls and or movie called corn
coronation day and some are all off and
then you have Elsa with the scepter and
then they have upside down a whole lot
which is really funny and then of course
the six-inch marshmallow these are
really cute these are I believe there a
walmart exclusive that's where at least
the three packet that's where I got
these guys excuse the background there
in my a horrible kitchen here and petty
is playing with her toys over there make
a lotta noise let's get these guys out
of the box and I'll show you what they
look like so I keep calling Elsa Anna
and on it Elsa sure it also keeps
sneezing because for some reason I don't
know maybe I'm allergic to snow um I'd
like to call this set Elsa and her
children just think about it she made
marshmallow and Olaf so they're kind of
like brothers and else and I'll say here
is their mom so this Elsa is way way
more glittery than the one I have like I
do not think she has this much glitter
all over her body all over her dress
Oliver hair I want to have is currently
sitting on my desk at work
I can't compare them but she is really
beautiful and I love that she's holding
a snowflake and her hair is gorgeous the
braids with all the snow flakes it's
really really pretty I I think she is
beautiful I'm going to try to link at
the end of study out to in my prettiest
Funko frozen video with all the pops
because I do have all of them and
they're so cute like said they're
probably sitting on my desk because they
are my winter decoration so here is
wacky little Olaf and I think Olaf is
adorable and my niece maddie is also
currently obsessed with snowman Olaf so
cute she loves frozen even though she's
only a little baby um he's really cute
he is no he's not the glittering one
which is gonna have and there's one that
has like pink and black this guy's a
little different too now that I think
about it I'm gonna have to look at mommy
Gracie's video he's eyebrows can't
reverse the 1i have his eyebrows or not
I can't remember but I think he's so
cute and happy and I love Olaf and I
love his attitude and I love his heart
and I think he's such a great character
helos warm hugs and some people are
worth melting for and that's that's a
good friend that's what I think he's
really cute and here is the big guy and
when I say big guy I am not exaggerating
is he looks he looks so mean scary that
he looks scarier than the wampa who's
another one of the Funko six inch
figures he is ginormous cuz he also is
really like roundest got all these
really creepy scary spikes on him and
look at that face what great design the
teeth on that mean really ah marshmallow
what are you doing to me you could hurt
yourself with these so this might not be
a good toy for little kids because these
things could potentially really hurt
looks like a hedgehog right or perfectly
oh maybe he's like a big I'm big
snowman Hedgehog what do you think'll
off is that way your brother is mmm no
he's big marshmallow so they're also
very different plastics Olaf here is
very shiny and marshmallow oh you look
at his fingers they're pretty big oh man
he looks so me oh he's just so cool this
is really one of the coolest yeah funko
you just keep coming out of the room
just way more awesome and awesome toys
but this guy looks amazing and epic it's
so cool and I love the pose I love all
these spiky spiky details I love how
massive he is someday I'll have to take
a picture of all my six inch figures
together i have stay puft and the wampa
and i ordered Smaug the dragon I don't
have him yet but I want to see how they
all compare you don't want to mess with
this guy though oh I opened a sequel
like turns out to be nice this thing
would that be cool maybe he'll be nice
to since since also kind of had a change
of heart to maybe marshmallow will be in
a little uh chill out as they say I am
really excited to have Elsa and her
children here in my thunk Oh pop
collection comment down below of course
if you love frozen and let me know which
one of these is your favorite I mean
considering that i already have these
two in some of the form marshmallow is
my fav warm hugs horn hugs oh you're so
cute Olaf so please like this video and
subscribe and you can like us on
Facebook Instagram and Twitter yeah
awesome oh thank you so much for
watching we'll see you again soon bye
creepy or cute cute
bye guys
you